1 March - Evolution Sketch

One major decision I made was mapping the speed of the vehicles to how big they are. So, as the sizes increase, the vehicle slows down. 
I felt this accurately represented life as, usually, larger animals move slower. 

In my DNA, I included the size, steering force and initial energy. These were good starting points to get unique characteristics for 
each vehicle. I also included a "Death At" number that would act as a Grim Reaper, telling the program when to remove dead vehicles. 
Going forward, I would like to include color in the DNA so it is more obvious which DNA the new vehicles are copying. 

The vehicle is in constant pursuit of the food source, which begins at the center of the screen. If it gets close enough to the food, 
it'll "eat" it and regain energy. Similarly, if the vehicle is away from the food, it will continuously lose energy. If the energy level 
reaches the death threshold, the vehicle will be removed. 

As of now, regeneration is just tracked by time. Everytime the framerate % 100 = 0, a new vehicle spawns in a random place with DNA
copied from another vehicle on the screen. I found that, over time, eventually the vehicles become the same- usually medium size. 
Is this vehicle more adept at seeking the food? Is it better at pushing other vehicles away from the food? How will mutations affect this? 

Originally, I had a "life" counter that was continually increases as the vehicles were
alive. If the vehicle reached "maturity" it would reproduce. Maturity was a set value of the life counter. I would also use the life
counter to mimic the "Death At" number. However, I had a lot of problems with this. I believe I needed to change the loop from an enhanced loop
to the backwards one we talked about, which I later did with the "energy" and "deathAt" counters after looking at Professor Shiloh's code. 

I had a big issue with the "amount" variable and trying to get the food source to deplete over time. It feels like a very stupid mistake, 
but I've put like hours into figuring it out and I'm just stuck. It won't let me call the amount from another class. I've tried a lot of work arounds
like changing where I put the amount and passing the amount through the constructor, but I can't get it to work. 

If I do get it to work, I want the food source to deplete as vehicles eat it. This would cause a new food source to come onto the screen. I then need to change
the "Target" the vehicles are seeking...which I anticipate being confused about. 
