I decide to mimic the behavior of an ant colony. In doing so, I decided to start with 100 ants, rather than the 20 I had previously been working with in order to reflect the large size of an ant colony. I also made the image smaller and have less steering force in order to reflect the behavior I saw in ants. 

In the DNA for each ant, I included a size variation, steering force, placement on the screen, a fixed amount of energy (or life force), and their death threshold. As the program runs, they gradually lose energy. Once the energy reaches the death threshold (normally 100), the ant will "die" and be removed from the screen. I would have liked to have a more realistic portrayal of death. For example, if the death threshold is reached, they would slowly stop moving and then their corpse would remain as obstacles or food sources for the other ants. However due to time, I didn't have a chance to implement this. 

Survival was based off of how much time an ant spent close to the food source. As the ant moved along the food source, it would gain energy. Therefore, it is possible for an ant to never die, provided it never leaves the food source. An ant would generate every so often, as decided by the framerate. It chose an ant randomly to copy its DNA and then additionally chose a 1-10 number. If the number was less than or equal to 5, it would be normal DNA. Above that, it would be mutated. These mutations would take the chosen DNA and add or subtract randomized values from it. 

Before the mutations, the ants would find an ideal set of DNA in about 30 seconds and, therefore, every ant would look and behave similarly. With the mutations, even if all of the ants were tiny, a size variation could still occur. Similarly, a speed, force, or life variation could occur. 

I really wanted to have the food source deplete overtime, but due to time constraints and a health issue that stopped me from coding much, I couldn't get a good grasp on how the code would work. The idea was to have the food start in the center and, as the ants ate it, decrease in size. Once it reached 0, a new food source would be generated. Perhaps there would be multiple food sources at a time that the ants could get to. This way, an ant cannot just stay on the food, gaining energy forever. Everlasting food was a simplification I made in order to complete this project. 

